Fix typo (#7012)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/fix-cursor-icon-zoomin.md

---
'tauri-runtime': 'patch'
---

> Fix the typo in the matching of "zoomin" to "zoomun" in the deserialized string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes typo in `CursorIcon` deserialization of the `ZoomIn` variant.
```
